I'm Jeremy Peasley, I'm a UX director here at Intentional Futures.
I’m Eric Lawrence, I'm a Creative Director here at Intentional Futures.
Two-thirds of this company are research and strategists.
Then, design is sort of this facilitation tool that helps
access into those, those kind of strategy projects.
Sort of two different nuclei, I would say — one probably more traditionally
associated with communication design, graphic design, et cetera,
and then another nuclei around more product design
that we've been doing more recently.
We had done a lot of previous work with Concur,
and one of the people from that Concur work was now on the board of directors at KEXP.
They are, they are sort of the Seattle local radio station.
Because they're a nonprofit, they're all genuinely passionate about the role of
bringing music to the, the culture around them.
It also aligned with a 10 million dollar grant,
and they have that great new space over by the space needle.
Jessica Lee, who was our strategy role on that,
and pretty much ran that project, was over there all the time.
And getting to talk with them in the beginning, it made me realize that
they're more like curators at a contemporary art museum or something.
It took a ton of time to talk to all of those people.
Make sure they felt heard, make sure they were heard,
so that when we start shaping that into strategic direction,
they see themselves in the decision making.
Understanding what their hopes and dreams are…
and being able to speak that language back to them,
that allows us to kind of push them a little bit.
It allows us to advocate for ideas that are more risky.
It's the idea to rapidly iterate complex ideas,
through charts, through data visualizations,
through just like customer journey maps
and reduce thoughts to some simpler iconography things like that.
Like, expressing those things along the way through the process,
helps you get at it quicker and summarize and synthesize really fast.
I get energized about that,
getting in a room and riffing with other creative people,
of, of that cycle of iteration.
Like, my best days are when I get to go in a room and do that for a few hours.
That choice of forum, at least for me in the technology standpoint,
was really important.
Those are non-trivial decisions and they have consequences;
especially given, sort of, the ubiquity of tech.
But hopefully, designers are being responsible in their choice of form,
and they're holding people accountable to what
the intended outcomes of what that form should be as well.